I hope you have a lot of fun in this course as much as I am.
I love putting these things together and I love teaching what I've kind of learnt over many, many years.
Anyway, the next thing I want us to discuss very briefly is another very useful good, a little bit
advanced function in JavaScript called array from.
And what does this mean to do what the very day, the basic level, all it does is it creates an array,
but not from an array, because that would be pointless.
It creates an array from two types of different things.
Creates an array from one, an array like object and all.
I mean by that is that it's an object that has a length property and to you can create an array from
an interval object.
Things like metal set.
Anyway, this is more important right now.
The important thing to understand is that the array from method takes something and a it into an array.
And why do we want to do that?
Well, if we can create it into something that's like an array, we can have certain methods and properties
of animal to us that we can use on that newly created object or hold that newly created array.
So they're kind of making sense.
Don't worry if that's not the first thing I want you to understand with the array from method is that
it is on the array itself.
What I mean by this?
Let me jump over to the console and quickly show you I've got my console open here, and the only thing
I want to show you is way to find this from method.
And as I mentioned, it's on the array object within JavaScript itself.
How can I prove it to you?
Well, first, let's just console draw out the array.
And if we do that as the array provided to us by JavaScript, we open it up.
If we scroll down and there it is, the is the from method.
Pretty simple, right?
So there we go.
We know that the array from method is found on JavaScript array object.
Kind of makes sense, right?
But we are not finished yet.
Let me jump into the ledger and let's talk about this method in a little bit more detail.